DOCSP-48717 Update Non-MongoDB Credentials (#1070)
mongodb/docs-node: source/quick-start/create-a-connection-string.txt

      To retrieve your connection string for the deployment that
      you created in the :ref:`previous step <node-quick-start-create-deployment>`,
      log into your Atlas account and navigate to the
      :guilabel:`Clusters` section and click the :guilabel:`Connect` button
      for your new deployment.

      .. figure:: /includes/figures/atlas_connect.png
         :alt: The connect button in the clusters section of the Atlas UI

      Select the :guilabel:`Drivers` option from the :guilabel:`Connect to your application` 

>       section. Once you are in the :guilabel:`Connecting with MongoDB Driver` 

Reviewer: [Style Guide](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-after) - Use "once" only for specifying doing something one time
```suggestion
      section. Then in the :guilabel:`Connecting with MongoDB Driver` 
```
